here's three exercises to get you to
your middle splits first is the pancake
stretch but it doesn't have to be as
advanced as this it can be easy medium
hard or hardest and next the butterfly
stretch but you probably can't fly while
you do it yet so easy medium hard and of
course the hard s and lastly the middle
splits at whatever level you're at right
now oh goodness I know it sounds either
dumb or obvious but the principle of
specificity states that if you want to
improve something do that thing so the
pancake stretch and the Butterfly
stretch are great but they can only do
so much without you practicing the
actual skill and on a side note I ripped
my first pair of pants the other day and
it was during a long video so find this
video if you want to see that happen
it's on my second Channel anyway stay
flexy